E  =  text on examine
US  =  text on use while object is in the scene (not in inventory)
U <on obj>  =  text when object in inventory is used on obj
T  =  text on talk
text  =  general text in dialogue box
text/char  =  text spoken by char
[old state  ->  new state]  =  graphical changes made 
Takable  =  item can be added to the inventory
NT  =  Not Takable

Jackhammer
E: Looks like a fun destructive toy.
Takable

Mail
E: Hopefully that is not all bills...
Takable
    text: Rumaging through the mail you find a letter from a Nigerian Prince!
          Seems like the prince needs money to get home, poor dude.
          He claims to pay you back ten times as much when he gets home though.
          It is probably just spam but it doesn't hurt to take it with you.

Pan
E: A simple pan, that might be useful for cooking delicious bacon!
Takable

Tongs
E: I could probably use that to pick things up with
Takable

Stovetop (off)
E: A stove for all your cooking needs!
Text: Turn the stovetop on?
      (If player selects yes, turn on the stovetop)

Stovetop (on)
E: Better not touch it while it is on!
Text: Turn the stovetop off?
      (If player selects yes, turn off the stovetop
      Show environment icon and text "Thank you!")
      
Pan on stovetop
E: Now all I need is some bacon to cook!


NOTE ON BACON:
Bacon will cook depending on how long it was on the stove while the stove was on.
If the bacon was cooked at all, you need the tongs to take the bacon. 
If the bacon is still raw you can take it without the tongs.
When examining, first display the text based on whether the stovetop is on or off.
Then display the text based on the condition of the bacon.

Bacon in Pan (stovetop on)
E: *bacon sizzling*

Bacon in Pan (Stovetop off)
E: Hmmm... It doesn't seem to be cooking

Bacon (Perfect)
E: You start to drool looking at the delicious bacon
Take: Text: You try to take the bacon...
            But instead you burn yourself...

Bacon (Undercooked)
E: Stills looks a bit too pink
Take: Text: You try to take the bacon...
            But instead you burn yourself...
NOTE: If bacon is still raw you can take it without burning yourself

Bacon (Overcooked)
E: Hopefully the princess likes her bacon extra crispy...
Take: Text: You try to take the bacon...
            But instead you burn yourself...
